The index.html page contains my search engine. It has a search bar that uses an html datalist to show the search suggestions. I just discovered this and it makes showing the dropdown extremely easy. When you search for something, a list of results is shown below. These results must have all of the words in the query, and are ranked by number of occurrences. All of this is done in my asmx file. When you search for an nba player like Stephen Curry, information is retrieved from my aws database which is sent through jsonp. This information is then shown to the right of the search results. If you view this page without an adblocker or in incognito mode, you should see some ads show up below all of the current content on the page. The only one I was able to get to work was Bidvertiser, which tends to show some pretty obnoxious and weird ads. Also the first time you view the page it shows a floating ad and opens a new page if you click anywhere so I would recommend refreshing the page.
The dashboard page is pretty similar to the one I had for the previous assignment. The only changes are where I added a build trie button, along with the current number of titles in the trie and the last title added. The trie is still using the list-trie hybrid so it fits all of the words. I also fixed the error catching so it does not show the same error multiple times.
In the Crawler asmx file, the only new methods are the search and word count. The search method takes in the search query and retrieves all of the pages that match each of the words in the query. It then finds the pages that contain all of the words in the search query. Finally, using linq and the wordCount method, the pages get ranked based off of the number of occurrences of the words from the search query
In the worker role, I changed the add to table method so that is splits up each page into separate entities for each word in the title. This way, retrieving all pages with a particular word is very easy. I also made sure to split the words the same way when entering them into the table and looking a search queries.
